# Frequently Asked Questions

{~ accordion title="What is Django Spellbook?" open=true ~}
Django Spellbook is a powerful markdown processor that extends Django's templating capabilities.

It's designed to be simple, flexible, and easy to use, with a focus on maintainability and extensibility.

It leverages Django's template system to provide a seamless integration with your existing Django projects, making it a great choice for creating and managing markdown-based content.
{~~}

## Generation Process

{~ accordion title="Does this alter my database?" ~}
No, Django Spellbook does not alter your database. It processes your markdown files and generates templates that are then used by automatically generated views and URLs.

[Quickstart](/docs/Markdown/quick-start) to learn more.
{~~}

{~ accordion title="How do I access the generated URLS?" ~}
You can access your generated URLS by including `path('', include('django_spellbook.urls'))` in your main `urls.py` file.

[Navigation](/docs/Markdown/navigation) to learn more.
{~~}

{~ accordion title="Where are the templates stored?" ~}
The templates are stored in your app's `templates/spellbook_md/` directory. They can be utilized by your `SPELLBOOK_MD_BASE_TEMPLATE` setting to allow for flexible customization.

[Base Template](/docs/Markdown/base-template) to learn more.
{~~}

{~ accordion title="Does this change my app's codebase?" ~}
No, Django Spellbook does not modify your app's codebase. The only change of code is in the `templates/spellbook_md/` directory.

The `urls.py` and `views.py` files of your app are not modified. Instead, Django Spellbook generates these files automatically based on your configured settings, and stores them in it's own internal directory. `venv/lib/python3.10/site-packages/django_spellbook/views_app_name.py` and `venv/lib/python3.10/site-packages/django_spellbook/urls_app_name.py`

[python manage.py spellbook_md](/docs/Commands/spellbook_md) to learn more.
{~~}

## Metadata

```yaml
---
title: Working with Spellbook Metadata
published: 2023-11-15
author: Django Spellbook Team
tags:
  - tutorial
  - metadata
  - configuration
difficulty: beginner
category: documentation
---
```

{~ accordion title="How do I access my metadata?" ~}
The `% show_metadata %` template tag renders a clean, user-friendly view of your content's metadata. 

[Template Tags](/docs/template-tags) to learn more.
{~~}

{~ accordion title="Can I use custom metadata?" ~}
Yes, you can include custom metadata in your markdown files. In the example above, the `difficulty` and `category` fields are custom metadata fields. They are automatically generated by Django Spellbook and can be accessed in your templates via `metatada.custom_meta.difficulty` and `metadata.custom_meta.category`.

[Metadata](/docs/markdown/metadata) to learn more.
{~~}

{~ accordion title="How can I change the default metadata template?" ~}
You can change the default metadata template by setting the `SPELLBOOK_MD_METADATA_BASE` setting in your `settings.py` file.

[Settings](/docs/settings) to learn more.
{~~}